Critical illness means serious diseases.
Critical illness policies provide
a fixed benefit upon diagnosis of a critical illness.
Health insurance covers
hospitalization and medical expenses
related to the illness. However,
in the case of such critical illnesses, the medical costs are very
high, which may
not be covered even by our health insurance.
Furthermore, there is a loss of income, and one has to stay
away from work and business for a long time.
Managing household expenses, paying off loans,
etc., becomes very difficult. Critical illness is
extremely helpful in such cases.
This plan covers 92 major and minor critical
illnesses. All the critical illnesses covered in this plan are
divided into five blocks. The first block is Cancer
and Blood Disorders, which covers four major and one
minor illnesses. The next is Heart and
Blood Vessels, which covers 10 major and 11 minor
illnesses.  The third block is for major organs,
which covers 14 major and 12 minor diseases. The
fourth block is for nervous system, which
covers 24 major and 8 minor diseases. The
fifth block is for other diseases, which
covers three major and five minor diseases. The
coverage of each block is separate
from the other blocks, and you pay a separate premium for each block. You
can select any block
or any number of blocks.
If you want cancer-related cover,
you can take that block. If
you feel that you need to take heart-related
or nervous system-related cover along with cancer,
you can take that too. Or if you feel
that you should take all five blocks, you can
take all five blocks. You
can make one minor and one major claim for each block. If there is a
minor disease, then
25% of the time sum assured is paid for it, and if a
major disease related to the same is detected, then the
remaining 75% is paid to you. If
directly  If you detect a major injury,
you will receive a 100% payout. If
you have set up different buckets,
you will receive a minor and a major claim for each bucket.
Once the bucket is fully paid, the
coverage and
renewal for that bucket will stop, and the premium will
also be discontinued. This plan
offers three optional coverages. The first optional coverage is for
16 surgical procedures, in which the
security of the surgery is
paid out. 100% for major surgeries
and 50% for minor surgeries. The
next optional coverage is
personal accident coverage, which
offers three benefits. The first is accidental death
benefit, which covers death due to an accident. The
next is accidental permanent total
disability, which covers
total disability due to an accident. The
third is accidental partial
disability benefit, which covers
partial disability due to an accident.
But after a few years, if the same
cancer is diagnosed again, then by
taking this plan, the payout of the research is again done
for which a
waiting period of three years is applicable.
After 3 years, one can claim for the same related cancer again. The
best part of ISLAM
is the zero survival period. Survival
period means that
after becoming critical, it is
necessary for the patient to survive till the survival period. For example, let us
understand that there is a
survival period of 30 days. If
a policy is
detected, then the person will have to survive till the last 30 days.
Even after having the policy, he does
not get any benefit from it. But in this plan, there is a
survival period of zero days. If
a policy holder dies during his/her life, then
he or his/her nominee will
definitely get the benefits of the policy. In this plan, the age limit is
18 years and maximum 65 years.
In case of dependent child, this period is
three months. We get multi life feature in this plan.  In
which we
can cover two and three children which will be on
individual policy basis, there will be
no family floater, everyone will have different
policies and underwriting, initial
waiting period is 30 days, which means
your coverage will start after 90 days of taking the policy,
if you have any doubt related to health insurance
or life insurance or investment
related to this plan, then you
can ask by commenting below or you
can also ask by WhatsApping on my number given below,
friends, if you liked this video then
please like it and subscribe to the channel,
see you in the next video,
thank you